- FUcking ok.
- I have no idea how im gonna like turn my google docs into a bunch of md files but whatever. lets get to the actual meat of things
- School has been. Fine. I guess.adfadadfasd That is a lie im lyinh.adfdd
	- I'm dying in John Rawls Super Show class. I fuckidng hate Theory of Justice. 0/10 book. I did read like 20 pages of it today. God.
	- my ass is NOT doing bio lab worksheets. I fucking haate labdfasadfasdd
	- For god awful reason, I want to go to fucking Law School????? idk? yet?
	- But I also want to live in philly for the most part.
	- I'm behind in Orgo
	- I'm behind in Bio
	- I want to take exclusively Philosophy Courses and maybe Stats next semester. Maybe I'll do stats over the summer with orgo lab. FUCK
- I emailed mom saying she could cancel the discover card. Who knows what that will do to my credit? Nothing Good probably
- Idk if u knew this but Cal and I got married btw lol. It was for tax benefits and also sh'es nice and her family is nice and god! I already lost the ring tho.
- Amerikkka is a global broker of imperialism first and a country a distant second. Nothing in this nation is actually meant to function for its own sake, the purpose of everything in this god forsaken nation is furthering the aims of the imperial world order. The American Revolution was a fraud and I hate liberalism.
- I FUCKED A GUY NAMED LEONTIY (LEO) AND IT WAS HOT AND GOOD AND I LIKE HIM A LOT.
  IM NOT SURE IF I LIKE WOMEN ANYMORE idk whats wrong with me.
  
  I like talking to him, he has a lot of good stories and has a lot of weird and agreeable opinions. He's basically a chaser except his a trans man. He fucking clawed my back to shit and spanked my like I was his bitch. It was maybe the hottest sex of my life.
  He speaks russian and he has a beagle named Maksim (homophobic dog but a beagle)
  he's getting a strap for the next time i see him.
	- Here's a list of things I know about this weirdo
		- Self reported 2nd Amendment Socialist. idk if he's a marxist, doesn't really seem well studied? no offense to him, just doesn't really seem like a reader.
		- He has russian parents and speaks a good amount. ( I think one of them or he himself might be an alcoholic)
		- He kept saying how much he enjoyed hanging out with me.
		- Comp Sci major but does a lot of Theater Stage Crew work. Has a TD friend named Butch (cis striaght dude) who's very eccentric.
		- is completely fucking based. just like actually cracked.
		- I think has a lot of bourgeois character, but is relatively aware and seems normal about it.
		- he's so hot he's so fucking hto he loves turning me into his bithc jajbfkjnaldf;an sdf
		- After a week of talking to him, he invited me over to his house in boston to sleep over at 9:30 pm. We couldn;t get our hands off each other.
		- He has extremely reasonable expectations of me and I of him. He knows I like cannot possibly handle an emotional dependent at the moment.
		- I washed his hair oh my hgodojsjndjn i  wwashed his body i loved giving him a head masage.
		- He has a cool Azerbaijani roommate (maybe he hates Armenians, who knows?) he speaks russian so thatt's cool.
		- I',m gonna learn russian for this fucking twink. he's so hot my brain is going insane.
		- He's 20 years old I think
		- He agrees w me that like the only valid systems are those who aren't fucking self diagnosed. fuckin ambrose. justs christ.
		- he likes me weird tranny body. He also hates other transmascs like i kinda hate other transfemmes. when the transphobia is internalized!
		- we basically mostly slept and fucked, we agreed that sex is when you bite each other and squirm against each other through clothes. I did cum on him and for two seconds i could actually feel my orgasm. he got scared of like the weird post-cum kind of  a stroke state i enter.
		- My back still hurts from his scratches. he promises to use a knife next time.
		- mfw when the transfemme is respected!
- I have fully given up on the idea of worshipping a god. like whhy would i lol
- I need to stop fucking Cal - and maybe all women? i don't think i actually enjoy it.
- idk what's happened between now and then. im trying to get the car registered in Massachusetts.
- Leo Slobotskoi - im stilled pissed at him after our fight about the palestinian genocide.