- What is called magic is a collection of phenomenon that are grouped together.
  There's No Weave or Shadoweave or some allpermeating force. 
  Much like how Chemistry doesn't stop working the moment you get out of the classroom (despite what the lab results say).
- Magic is a very loose word, as are the words "spells" and "spell slots" and what not.
- ## The Sources of Power for Traditions of Magic
- Each Tradition of Magic (Pathdfinder 2e) has separate sourcs of power from which they draw their abilities from.
  If you want to be a clever Game Master, you can have some catastrophe occur in which a catastrophe revokes a caster's ability to normally cast spells, e.g. the pages of the local library containing the Auskunftgeist being washed away by a great flood.
- ## Arcane
- Arcane magic is the result of manipulation by a nearby Auskunftgeist. It is physical information so powerful and rigid and logical that it is cognitoharmonic force. Simply by creating a dynamic and extremely accurate model of the world, it seems that the lace is unable to distinguish between "reality" and "the model". Despite many arcane casters knowing how to cast spells, there have been centuries long debates on how an Auskunftgeist's power actually manifests. Essentially the question is this: if the model that is the Auskunftgeist is being confused for reality, what is the thing that is experiencing said confusion and changing the world according to this confusion?
- Arcane casters are partially scientists but are mostly lawyers. While they understand the ins and outs of physics and what-not, the real challenge of an arcane caster is convincing the Auskunftgeist that it is essentially "legally" required to create the desired affect through rigid logical argument.
- Following with the legal analogy, a wizard's spell tome can be seen as a collection of known legal strategies and loopholes that manipulate the model and inturn reality.
- ## Divine
- A divine caster merely existing is a miracle in it of it's self. It is History given form. Or prophecy. Whatever you wanna call it. 
  When a divine caster preforms a miracle it's because that is what was necessary for prophecy itself to culminate. A divine caster is a metaphysical necessity, the Lace itself seems to kneel to the demands of the gods.
- Often, Gods have certain demands of their chosen that they must follow in order for their miraculous abilties to remain. When a prophet or revolutionary falls from grace, this too is seen as a necessary part of a grand scheme of events.
  This is of course, all according to the divine casters themselves - some (but less than most) wizards believe that Gods or Divines or Celestials are merely the result of spontaneous or ancient Auskenftgeists that are so large and powerful, they have gained their own consciousness and enact some will. This is very much a relativist position which posits that if truth is merely a matter of perception and perception is subjective by nature, then there can be no objective view of history. Many members of one clergy or another might accept this as heresey, but some movements accept this idea and use it.
- ## Primal
- Nature is just like that. It just actually functions like this, no need to alter the laws of physics. The reason why you get plant and elemental themed abilities is because that's just what nature can actually fucking do. There's no gods here, you're free to worship whatever is going on in the land, but at the end of the day that's just how nature works. There's absolutely Gods of nature that might shove things in one direction or another, but Druids are just born with the ability to simply do that shit.
  Primal casters are simply weirdly and exceptionally good to listening to nature in a way that cannot be written down. For primal casters, nature is not desected in a laboratory, it's talked to and invited over tea and maybe nature says something really upsetting like "you're letting your hair grow out I see. Hm." or "you never were very good at school" - but it can also just as quickly embrace you in the warmest hug you've ever felt or stroke your hair as you weep. But the way primal casters interpret nature are different from one person to the next.
- As usual, the wizards have something to say and usually that thing is "ohh dude gestalt consciusness dude world spirit man!" 
  Meanwhile they can't even seem to really explain what a consciousness even really is in their own terms.
- ## Occult
- So you know how wizards can do weird shit with a Auskunftgeist? Occult casters essentially do the same thing but with people brains, sometimes even their own. How? No one really knows.
- It's a lot of stuff that exists exclusively as magical edge cases. Where arcane magic exists somewhere in between bounds of accepted reality, and bending reality to one's will, Occult magic should *almost* be a part of reality, but isn't for one reason or another. It sits right on the border of the real and unreal. It's magic with the unobservable and immeasurable but deeply felt forces of reality that almost feel so real that the caster feels unreal. It's incomprehensible by it's very nature.